[Music]
all right we're going to talk about the
Shady hack people are using to get crazy
LinkedIn growth yeah so the way people
are getting a lot of traffic on LinkedIn
is it's all about comments and
engagement how many good comments can
you get from profiles that have over 500
plus connections and are those comments
engaging where other people want to
interact and respond with so the Shady
tactic people are doing right now is
they're going to sites like playerup.com
and you can find LinkedIn accounts with
over 500 plus connections and they're
buying like not five or ten of them
they're buying like 20 of them so
they're spending maybe up to like 100 I
mean a thousand to two thousand dollars
because if you buy them in bulk you also
get discounts now if you end up buying
the ones and Erica and I aren't
recommending this tactic we're just
telling you how it is and neither him or
I focus on this tactic or use it if you
buy a council lesson 500 connections it
doesn't work as well you need accounts
with 500 plus connections the LinkedIn
profiles need to be verified and what
you'll want to end up doing is you don't
want the LinkedIn account to just have
random connections like it needs to be
actually connections with real people
that's what I mean by verified so you
need to go through the connections and
just make sure they're legitimate and
what people are doing is they're logging
into each of those profiles and right
when a post goes live within like four
hours at the latest they're leaving
crazy thorough comments and when they do
that the original poster starts going
viral and they've been doing this for
people have been doing this for a while
they try to do it with corporate Pages
because corporate page is where you get
the most virality or company pages and
it's a numbers game it's how often can
you end up doing it I've seen I know
quite a few people are doing this if you
even leverage the same account over and
over again
yeah you can have one more chocolate and
if you end up leveraging the same
accounts over and over again we're
seeing it work well for the first month
two months even three months we're
seeing it though if you do it for like
six months you do need to refresh the
account that you're uh buying at least
from the friends that I talk to who are
doing this and I'm tracking their stats
it makes a lot of sense right it's if
you you know if you buy a couple of
these you can even refresh them every
three six months or so and then just
have someone offshore running these you
can even chat gpts probably just to make
sure they're grammatically correct and
you know run this stuff through a VPN
and you know it's hard to kind of track
you know how legit or fake these are I
mean I would just say like the reason we
talk about black cut or Shady stuff
sometimes is like how can you utilize
this stuff but also think about it in a
white hat way um and there are white hat
ways to do this right which we've talked
about before anything else Neil you know
what Eric and I are actually yes what
Eric and I are getting at is look at
what people are doing in a shady way and
figure out how you legitimize it so
there's a lot of marketers that get into
pods together there and when they like
each other's posts assuming they
actually like them I'm not saying
they're actually clicking the button but
if they like something they see then
they will engage and what people are
doing is they're kind of like WhatsApp
groups and they're saying hey I post
this check this out if you like it feel
free to engage and promote it and it's a
more quote-unquote ethical way to make
your content viral because you're
connecting with people right when it
goes live and these people if they like
the content they want to engage other
they would engage anyways but now more
so you're getting them to engage right
when the post comes out which just
really helps it spread faster and
they're busy right they may have not
seen it if you don't ping them I I'm in
some of these groups and what I'll say
is like the initial premise of the group
is to help boost each other but like we
actually started to like build
relationships with each other and I'm
happy to support these people so the
white hat way
is often the the path that takes longer
to do but it's it's you know it's the
long it's the short-term pain that you
take for long-term gain and then the the
black hat way is you get the short term
gain but you get the long-term pain
right and like we've learned that the
hard way
um so that is it for today please don't
forget to re-subscribe and also
subscribe to us on YouTube and we will
see you later now if you have any
questions leave a comment below I'm here
to answer them and help you out if you
enjoy the video like it share it tell us
people about it thank you very much